I think if you know if we don't have any
bad losses and we get some more quality
wins versus top teams and I think we can
make a run for 1st so third week of na
LCS I'm joined right now by solo from
clutch after their victory over Team
Liquid a big victory coverage percent of
course by Omni / so you guys won against
Team Liquid who yesterday seemed to
prove that they were the best team in
the league by beating echo fox securing
1st place you know brought them down a
peg what how did you plan on like what
did you do today to allow the victory to
occur I think we just didn't really have
much pressure on us especially since we
kind of had a disappointing loss
yesterday and you know Team Liquid has
been looking great so we just kind of
came in with you know no expectations
and no pressure and we were able to you
know get us all a draft and just play
carefree and you know helped us win do
you think it was just a drafter I mean
what she just I'll play them in lanes
what was the you know biggest factor in
your victory well Apollo definitely did
his best
doublelift impersonation with Ellucian
and he and he put in work but you know
we had a lot of comfort champions with
Swain and Zyra so you know just like a
team effort and you know we were just
able to shut them out once we got the
lead
I keep seeing everybody it feels like
the more on comfort champions player
teams are they're more they're winning
right like mostly it seems to trying
other things every now and then you see
like if Luke come through but then it
just feels like you know I interview so
many people and I'm like well why did
you win and they go well we wanted to
play the things that we played and it
was just our straightforward favorite
stuff and it worked out why is that you
think like is it just there's all this
other meta stuff overblown or people
just not figured it out yet um a little
bit both I think especially when it
comes to you know the balling picks you
know you see people on you know these
mages or different roles that they're
not used to playing and it might work in
practice because there's no pressure but
when you get the stage you fall back on
a lot of habits that you have and if you
don't have you know the wealth of
experience on these champions or these
roles and it can show do
the games and I think that's holding
some teams back it seems like the
players who are more used to or just end
up playing you know what they're
familiar with or doing really well I
mean you see like double if for example
is playing really well on just standard
ad carries and and and staying away from
the traps of playing against are playing
mages and suffering I feel like you know
even though you guys are a little bit
behind
there is a seems like it could be
anyone's split because we keep seeing
top tier teams you know like echo fox
looks so good last lit teamliquid looks
great TSM already supposed to be a
threat and all these guys look really
vulnerable do you think there's a chance
that clutch can jump ahead and secure
first place yeah I think I think we have
a chance there is a lot of parity in the
league but you know we had a really
tough first three weeks played just
about all the playoff teams and from
last blitz and and you know three and
three isn't where we want it to be but
you know it's still a good place to
still I continue onwards and I don't
think any of the wins are you know for
granted coming up against the lower
teams but I think if you know if we
don't have any bad losses and we get
some more quality wins versus top teams
and I think we can make a run for first
one especially be his last split you
guys had the line right which was like
alright we beat the bottom teams we lose
to the top it feels like you are this
split taking taking that change and
going forward and beating a lot of the
top teams so maybe a little bit
different for you guys yeah yeah now
that we've I mean it's all ready to
start the season and we'd be able to
take a win off of you know TL which is
really good for our you know our morale
and and just moving forward you know
knowing that you know we can take a team
on take a win off of any team hopefully
yeah hopefully don't fall back into the
only being able to be bottom team's
tradition we had last split so one thing
I haven't done in a little while because
for a while I kind of knew what it was
like with all the teams I talked to them
about this but trying to kind of get
back into asking players about behind
the scenes what's it like working with
the other guys what is what's the clutch
gaming house like what sort of the
experience on the other dudes that
you're playing with like I mean it's
very laid-back I mean
really I would like to think we're
really funny people I mean if you
watched me and Apollo do our casting for
one of the LCS matches it's kind of what
it's like in the house this is a lot of
you know joking around having a good
time everyone gets along really well so
it's a very you know low stress
environment and it helps us be really
productive are their interests in the
interesting stories about the guys are
living there anything unique this
happened well Toby our manager has
probably jumped in the pool with his
clothes on more than how does it happen
he he'll do it for for anything of us
you know you give him you give him 20
bucks and he'll jump in the pool with
all his clothes not easily 20 bucks does
a good amount of money like I don't know
I know LCS players these days they're
all making the big bucks for me you know
as a guy out on his own
I would I would jump in a pool for 20
bucks I guess or you know we were a
little spoiled for the workingman 20
bucks is you know you know if you want
if you want 20 bucks come to our house
and jump in our pool and you know there
you go that's good so you guys literally
just say hey Toby I'll give you 20 bucks
if you jump on the floor right yeah jump
in the pool I'll give you 10 bucks or
something and someone else to say yeah
I'll give you 10 bucks too and they'll
do it is that the only time the pool
gets used just about yeah just about to
be honest he's probably I think he's
been in it you know more times with his
clothes on than anyone else has been how
close are you how close are you guys to
here because like I don't need to know
an exact address but how far away uh
we're about you know 20 25 minutes from
here so not too bad we kind of live in
the in the hills so it's a bit of a
drive but you know a nice neighborhood
nice area I'm happy with it uh teams
have been very generous well I live with
Kobe I don't know if you know that but
we're always we don't have a pool at our
place so maybe we did or the beach we
did go to the beach that one day that's
not a very frequent occurrence but maybe
maybe we'll just stop by and yes yeah
will happen will happen the pool you
guys came to give us the 20 bucks you
know it'll be great it'll be great
so anything you want to say to any of
the clutch fans out there yeah we have a
fan meets on Tuesday
for Corsair so if you guys stop by you
know be able to say hi and take photos
and take questions but thank you for
supporting us you know it's been awesome
you know I get fan interaction on
Twitter people messaging me you know
saying you know you've done a good job
or good luck this weekend and it means a
lot to me I try and respond to all of
them but you know keep up supporting us
for good well thank you so much for the
interview for every else you can check
out the restaurant coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel I want to thank only slash so
much for the support of my content
they're on a train right now a train
that you could be on and that's the
Travis trained to get on that train
subscribe to the YouTube channel hit up
my twitch we're stopping at all the
different stops all right this is a
train and it's going what's going far so
get on the train and ride it ride that
Travis train